---
layout:     internship
start_date: 29-05-2019
end_date:   16-08-2019
title:      "Software Engineer Intern"
employer:   "Intuit"
date:       2019-06-11 00:00:00 0000
categories: Professional
tags:       Professional
icon:       "/assets/icons/posts/intuit.gif"
skills:     ["Java", "AWS", "Apache Kafka", "Springboot"]
summary:    "Working on Intuit's Smart Money team on their Mint product"
---

I worked at intuit as part of the Mint team. I was working on the backend
notification system using Java, SpringBoot, and AWS. My project for the
summer was setting up a Kafak Connector that would read entries from a
database and forward them as notifications to users. An example of this
would be whenever a data analysis pipeline stored events in a database,
this connector would read out new events in the database at a rate of 
1000x per minute to send notifications.

A big portion of the project was throttling the system and monitoring how
many events were being sent. The system could only handle a fixed number
of messages pre minute from all services so my system had to have a 
configurable messaging rate and not overwhelm other existing systems. 

I must say I really enjoyed living in the bay area while completing this internship.
Intuit was quite supportive and helped establish a community amount the interns
while we were working at intuit. 

## Summary
* Developed a high performance networking tool with Kafka, Maven, H2, SQL, Redis, S3, AWS, and Java
* Shipped and tested a user interface to modify server state and configuration with React and Redux
* Increased functional, unit, performance and integration testing for projects from 0% to 100% coverage
* Deployed a service for continuous integration and deployment with Jenkins, AWS, docker, and Github

